revise: clarifies behavior around non-output relative paths (#735)
openwdl/wdl: SPEC.md

    # does not exist, then `f2` is set to `None`.
    File? f2 = "/foo/bar.txt"
  }

>   # If baz.txt does not exist, this is an error.

Author: This is just making explicit the assertion above that bound declarations behave this way as well.

* *Inside the `output` section*, relative paths are interpreted relative to the task's execution directory. This is where task commands create their output files. See [Task Outputs](#task-outputs) for details.

In both contexts, if an optional `File?` or `Directory?` declaration refers to a path that does not exist, the value is set to `None`.

Absolute paths (paths starting with `/`) refer to specific locations on the host filesystem when used outside the `output` section. Within the `output` section, absolute paths may be interpreted in a container-dependent way—see [Task Outputs](#task-outputs) for details.

<details>
<summary>
Example: relative_paths_context.wdl

```wdl
version 1.3

task relative_paths_context {
  input {
    # This relative path is resolved relative to the WDL document's parent directory.
    File input_file = "hello.txt"
  }

  command <<<
    cat ~{input_file} > output.txt
  >>>

  output {
    # This relative path is resolved relative to the execution directory.
    File result = "output.txt"

>     String content = read_string(result)

Reviewer: @claymcleod can we add example of relative paths outside the output directory `/` and what the expected results of also missing files. I feel like this test doesn't really cover the update definition

Author: This test is showing the correct behavior and is meant to be an integration tests that succeeds. It covers the updated definition by ensuring that `hello.txt` must resolve relative to the WDL document's parent directory and printing the correct results. Though the semantics of a `File` in input blocks and in private declarations in the same, I can change it to a private declaration to make it a bit more clear.

Author: Also, line 869 above shows the error cases. This should cover the concerns above.

</p>
</details>

> Relative paths are interpreted relative to the execution directory, whereas absolute paths are interpreted in a container-dependent way. Absolute paths that reference locations outside the task's execution directory may not be supported by all execution engines, particularly in containerized or cloud environments where access to the host filesystem is restricted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Relative paths are interpreted relative to the execution directory, whereas absolute paths are interpreted in a container-dependent way. Absolute paths that reference locations outside the task's execution directory may not be supported by all execution engines, particularly in environments where access to the container's filesystem is restricted.
```
